README.md, before:

ENGO500
=======

A repository for our groups' 4th year design project course (ENGO 500) at the University of Calgary

The purpose of the project is for a group of students to get hands on experience in working in an engineering environment on a full design project. The particular focus of this project is about the concept of the "Internet of Things." In particular, this project will be focused on developing a "smart shelf" that can track customers and customer purchases or interests throughout a grocery store. The project, which will be developed as Free, Open-Source Software (FOSS) hopes to serve as an example for developers looking to develop an IoT application using the Open Geospatial Consortium standard, which is currently in draft, but should be published by the end of 2013 or early 2014. This project also hopes to serve as a stand alone product that can be hacked or improved upon for a variety of different applications. 

Production-level software is not available through this repository just yet, but will be made available soon.

Commit message:

added info about repo split

README.md, after:

ENGO500
=======

A repository for our groups' 4th year design project course (ENGO 500) at the University of Calgary

The purpose of the project is for a group of students to get hands on experience in working in an engineering environment on a full design project. The particular focus of this project is about the concept of the "Internet of Things." In particular, this project will be focused on developing a "smart shelf" that can track customers and customer purchases or interests throughout a grocery store. The project, which will be developed as Free, Open-Source Software (FOSS) hopes to serve as an example for developers looking to develop an IoT application using the Open Geospatial Consortium standard, which is currently in draft, but should be published by the end of 2013 or early 2014. This project also hopes to serve as a stand alone product that can be hacked or improved upon for a variety of different applications. 

This project consists of two major components -- the sensor / hardware component, which comprises the development of a prototype smart shelf that can update sensor readings to the OGC SensorThings API, and a software / web component, which will allow a user to interact / acquire readings from one or more of these prototype shelves. The sensor component can be found in the /Sensor_Prototype folder, and the web component has been split and moved to another repository at [ENGO500-Webserver](https://github.com/ThatGeoGuy/ENGO500-Webserver).
